Vanier FLOSS Club - meeting #11 (Apr 16)

Who was there:
- Medhi
- Giuliana
- Chilka
- Tassia

Our discussion revolved mostly around 2 projects: AssNat API and Usability tests
in Debian Bullseye. Both of them are currently described in our Projects page:
https://github.com/tassia/vanierFLOSS/blob/main/projects.md

Today we did not have a meeting, it seems we are getting REALLY busy! Maybe it
is time to concentrate in our course work? Students and teachers

So I'd like to cal for a break in weekly meetings until we close this term. I
can run another pool in a couple of weeks for us to choose the date for the
final meeting of Winter 2021.

As a closure activity, I'd like to distribute some prizes for the most active
contributors to the Club. We would have pizza if we were able to meet in person!
But with a bit of creativity we can still have fun and do a "post-mortem" of
this term's activities. Yeah, I'd like to hear your feedback!

I plan to continue my FLOSS activities in the the summer, so if you have time
and energy, I'll be there to help you as I can. One project I really want to get
ready to roll over in the Fall term is the Debian usability test, so if you want
to help, please speak-up!

I'll create a mailing list and start communicating there, so if you want to be
kept in the loop, please send me your email address. But until the end of this
term, I'll be using MIO too for announcements.
